What is edzeeta?
Edzeeta is an EdTech platform aiming to nurture school going kids with skills that are not focused  in the current academic curriculum. 

Tell me something about edzetta?
Edzeeta is an EdTech platform aiming to nurture school going kids with skills that are not focused  in the current academic curriculum. 

Why edzeeta?
Edzeeta courses are very well crafted by highly skilled industry leaders in their respective field, we design a personalized learning path for the individual child after being analysed by the mentor in the demo session for any particular course, all this at a very nominal price and help children from various backgrounds to take the next leap.

How can i take a free trial?
You can register for a demo session by filling out the 'Book your Demo' form. 

How can I take a demo session on edzeeta?
You can reach out to us through social media handles, e-mail or contact us through call. And our executive will guide us and book a demo slot
for your child.

How long will it take to complete a course?
Course duration will vary across courses, following are the number of sessions required for respective courses. 1.	Scratch  2.	Web development 3.	App Development  4.	Python. You can choose to have a maximum of 4 sessions a week. We recommend having 3 sessions a week,a session on every alternative day.

Who will be the course instructor?
Our mentors are well qualified undergraduates,trained for two weeks before they start taking live classes.

Will the course instructor stay the same throughout the course?
The same mentor who has taken the demo session will continue for the entire course duration. We value our student and parent's interest and incase of issues with the mentor you can reach out to us and necessary actions will be taken.

My child is having a hard time understanding english, what other languages do you offer courses?
That's not a problem our mentors can teach in a few regional languages as well namely Telugu, Kannada and hindi. more languages to be added to the list soon.

In what languages can we have the course?
That's not a problem our mentors can teach in a few regional languages as well namely Telugu, Kannada and hindi. more languages to be added to the list soon.

What should I do to be an instructor edzeeta?

How many students will be enrolled in one batch?
The following are our plans,
1.	One to Two - one mentor teaches 2 children in the session
2.	One to Three - one mentor teaches 3 children in a session.
3.	One to One - one mentor teacher one child in a session.
The pricing varies with respect to the plan chosen.

How will these courses help my child?
Customized curriculum and adaptive teaching will provide necessary skills to thrive in tomorrow's world.

Who are the founders of edzeeta?

How can i access my child's progress?
Detailed reports will be generated after every session and regular parent instructor interactive sessions will be arranged.

Will my money be refunded if I drop the course halfway?
Yes, we'll refund the money after deducting charges for the sessions already attended by your child.
 
Why should my child learn coding?
Coding helps children with communication, creativity, math,writing, and confidence.Having children learn coding at a young age prepares them for the future


What are your fee structure?
All our courses are offered by charging the least amount in the market. It varies with courses and you can get more details from our executive after the free trail class.

What is the fee structure?
All our courses are offered by charging the least amount in the market. It varies with courses and you can get more details from our executive after the free trail class.

Where do I contact for further queries?
You can reach us at our website or on our social media handles, can also drop in a mail to us.

How is the curriculum of edzeeta relevant to the new education bill?
